Publicity ideas
---------------

Encourage people to make links from their project page, company page or
personal homepage to TortoiseCVS.  Create a page explaining how to do
this, preferably with button graphics, and chunks of HTML to paste in.
Link to this from pages where keen people are likely to be - both on the
website and in the help.  (Or more controversially, in the app, say
at the bottom of the progress dialog once or twice).

Scour abiword mailing list for ideas
Post to the mailing list using their style, it's fantastic.
http://www.abisource.com/mailinglists/abiword-dev/02/May/0542.html

Tell people who've had SSH/CVS problems the good news, and get them
to update their sites:
	http://www.savagesoftware.com.au/DelphiGamer/showarticles.php?articleid=6&page=1
	http://sourceforge.net/docman/display_doc.php?docid=8000&group_id=2271
There are no doubt far more than that. (search for TortoiseCVS and SSH
or CVS Windows SSH or suchlike)

Email Windows open source projects that use CVS (search for WinCVS to
find them) and suggest they try TortoiseCVS.  Is this too cheeky? :)
Examples places are...
	WinMerge
	pygame
	jazilla
	jakarta

Specifically promote use of TortoiseCVS by itself on one machine with
local protocol on these sites.  Write a doc about that on the web
site.  Need history browsing locally to be stable first, really.

Tucows -- sumitted TortoiseCVS 1.0.0, 11th August 2002.  Takes 11 days.
	   -- rejected with 11 points (need 25 for 3-cows, 34 for 5-cows)
		   Reviewer's Checklist: 9
		   Documentation and Help: 1
		   Customer Support: 1
		   Bonus Points: 0
		   Total = 11
	   -- action is to resubmit after fixing the points, you can 
	      get a list from the tucows Author Resource centre.  Lots of
		  it is professionalisation of the website, docs, making
		  help more prominent, and being picky about the uninstaller
		  and so on.
           -- Torsten, 29 Jan 2005: The EULA for registering at Tucows states
 	      "[...] COPYRIGHT.  You warrant and represent that you are the sole author of
	       the Software; that you are the sole owner of the copyright and of all
	       rights in and to the Software; [..."
	      IMO, this is not compatible with any piece of software with more than one contributor.

ZDNet / CNET / download.com -- submitted TortoiseCVS 1.0.0, 11th August
	2002.  Takes 6-8 weeks.
	-- 28th August, reject as download link isn't direct to the actual
	file.  They actually host downloads by the looks of it.  Could
	resubmit with a link directly to a SourceForge file, but I don't
	really much feel like it.
	
Ongoing - started to happen
---------------------------

get people to do some publicity for me
	-- wxWidgets list?


davecentral.com -- submitted TortoiseCVS 1.0.0, 11th August 2002

Finished
--------

Release version 1.0 for buzz 
	-- updated website front page

Get a link from the CVSNT page to tortoisecvs.org
	-- emailed webmaster on 18 August
	-- link is now there

Submit document to SourceForge self-docs project "Using TortoiseCVS
with SourceForge" to go next to the WinCVS ones.  Wow people with
its simplicity. -- submitted, follow up to make sure it is posted
                -- WinCVS documentation is now deprecated by SF,
		   TortoiseCVS is the first listed Windows CVS client

Take out Google adverts (on words like CVS, Windows, WinCVS etc.)
	-- starting doing this for fun really, it's quite addictive
       playing with the wording (late August)
	-- finished, results posted to TortoiseCVS mailing list

Link to http://www.tortoisecvs.org/faq.html#cvsinit now on front page


